subtextof1 Corinthians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof1 John	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof1 Peter	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof1 Thessalonians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof1 Timothy	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof2 Corinthians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof2 John	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof2 Peter	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof2 Thessalonians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof2 Timothy	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextof3 John	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofActs	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofColossians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofEphesians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofGalatians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofHebrews	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofJames	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofJohn	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofJude	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofLuke	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofMark	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofMatthew	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofPhilemon	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofPhilippians	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofRevelation	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofRomans	word, tag, lemma, gloss
subtextofTitus	word, tag, lemma, gloss
welcome	word